Now welcome to the final project of the C++ concurrency course.
Over the last weeks, you have made the transition from writing linear
and synchronous code to becoming a concurrent programmer.
You now know how to create parallel path of execution
and how to exchange data between asynchronous threads,
and concepts such as standard async, mutexes, locks,
Lambdas, and Rvalue reference,
as well as move semantics,
now belong to your toolbox and they will greatly enhance
the quality and the performance of the code you write.
In the upcoming project,
you will extend the current traffic simulation that we have by a new concept.
In addition to vehicles, intersections, and streets,
the city needs traffic lights to manage the flow of
vehicles and it will be your job to develop them.
So let's take a look.